README.md, before:

# Silk Road for Elite: Dangerous
##### Small web app to simplify the Silk Road journey, 'cuz I'm lazy.

Hit next until you find the system your currently at and then hit next every time you undock. It will show you where you're going, what to sell and what to buy. It also shows you the next and previous systems in the Silk Road are.

---

## Code usage
Right now it's very basic, no package managers or anything, so just download the repo and you should be good to go.
There are only 3 files: index.html, styling.css and controller.js

## Contributing
I'm not looking for any colaborators right now, but if you want to contribute at all, make a pull request and I'll check it out.

## TODO 
1. Add additional info that's in the PDF (stuff like the profit per item, etc.)
2. Add dropdown/list for quick navigation to current system/station (or whatever system/station you want)
3. Add localstorage/whatever to keep/persist the current system through refreshes/pageloads
4. Integrate Social Media so that you can tell all your friends and family where you are in the galaxy

## Credits
* [Original Reddit post](http://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/323fkn/the_eic_is_proud_to_announce_the_silk_road_a/ "Reddit post")
* And me, you know me, I'm [Xinchro](http://www.xinchronize.com "Xinchronize").

Commit message:

Added some additional info in a new panel

README.md, after:

# Silk Road for Elite: Dangerous
##### Small web app to simplify the Silk Road journey, 'cuz I'm lazy.

Hit next until you find the system your currently at and then hit next every time you undock. It will show you where you're going, what to sell and what to buy. It also shows you the next and previous systems in the Silk Road are.

---

## Code usage
Right now it's very basic, no package managers or anything, so just download the repo and you should be good to go.
There are only 3 files: index.html, styling.css and controller.js

## Contributing
I'm not looking for any colaborators right now, but if you want to contribute at all, make a pull request and I'll check it out.

## TODO 
1. Figure out whatever the heck these connect points are and find a nice way to implement them
2. Add dropdown/list for quick navigation to current system/station (or whatever system/station you want)
3. Add localstorage/whatever to keep/persist the current system through refreshes/pageloads
4. Integrate Social Media so that you can tell all your friends and family where you are in the galaxy

## Credits
* [Original Reddit post](http://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/323fkn/the_eic_is_proud_to_announce_the_silk_road_a/ "Reddit post")
* And me, you know me, I'm [Xinchro](http://www.xinchronize.com "Xinchronize").
